Update fleets in welcome section (#2014)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/welcome/primer.md

### Device provisioning

So how are devices added to your {{ $names.company.lower }} fleets? A key feature of {{ $names.company.lower }} is that a provisioning key for your fleet is embedded in the {{ $names.os.lower }} image download. When the device boots up for the first time, it uses the provisioning API to register itself with {{ $names.company.lower }}. A new device entry on the {{ $names.company.lower }} backend is created, and a device API key for this device is generated. Once the provisioning is successful, the provisioning API key is deleted from the device. Unless someone downloads the OS from your dashboard (or via the CLI), a device cannot enter your fleet. While the details of provisioning differ depending on the device type (does it have an SD card slot? Does it boot from on-board flash?), the following things always happen at first boot:

> First, the device connects to the network and performs its early provisioning, which registers it on your dashboard. Then, the container partition is decompressed, and the device supervisor starts. This is the part that takes the most time. As soon as the supervisor starts, it registers onto the VPN and receives its unique {{ $names.company.lower }} API key. At that point, you will see the device as online in your dashboard and can use the device as normal. If the fleet that the device provisions has already had code pushed to it, the new device downloads the latest version and begins operating as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, the device connects to the network and performs its early provisioning, which registers it on your dashboard. Then, the container partition is decompressed, and the device supervisor starts. This is the part that takes the most time. As soon as the supervisor starts, it registers onto the VPN and receives its unique {{ $names.company.lower }} API key. At that point, you will see the device as online in your dashboard and can use the device as normal. If the fleet that the device joins already has releases, the new device downloads the latest one and begins operating.
```

### Building containers

When you run the  `{{ $names.company.lower }} push <APP_NAME>` command from your development machine it will essentially take your project (or repository) folder, compress it and send it to the [{{ $names.cloud.lower }} build server](/learn/deploy/deployment/#the-balenacloud-build-server) where it will be built. Your code is built in an environment that matches the devices in your fleet. So if you’re pushing an app for BeagleBone Black devices, we’ll build your code in an ARMv7 environment. For Raspberry Pi 1, it's ARMv6. In fact, we provide native ARM builders for ARM images, just as we use x86 servers to build images for x86 devices.

> For fleets with [multiple containers][multicontainer], a `docker-compose.yml` file will need to be included at the root of your project. This configuration file specifies the services that make up your fleet, as well as the system resources each service has access to. Fleets with a single container will have a default `docker-compose.yml` file generated if none is included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For releases with [multiple containers][multicontainer], a `docker-compose.yml` file will need to be included at the root of your project. This configuration file specifies the services that make up your release, as well as the system resources each service has access to. Release with a single container will have a default `docker-compose.yml` file generated if none is included.
```

When you run the  `{{ $names.company.lower }} push <APP_NAME>` command from your development machine it will essentially take your project (or repository) folder, compress it and send it to the [{{ $names.cloud.lower }} build server](/learn/deploy/deployment/#the-balenacloud-build-server) where it will be built. Your code is built in an environment that matches the devices in your fleet. So if you’re pushing an app for BeagleBone Black devices, we’ll build your code in an ARMv7 environment. For Raspberry Pi 1, it's ARMv6. In fact, we provide native ARM builders for ARM images, just as we use x86 servers to build images for x86 devices.

> For releases with [multiple containers][multicontainer], a `docker-compose.yml` file will need to be included at the root of your project. This configuration file specifies the services that make up your release, as well as the system resources each service has access to. Release with a single container will have a default `docker-compose.yml` file generated if none is included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For releases with [multiple containers][multicontainer], a `docker-compose.yml` file will need to be included at the root of your project. This configuration file specifies the services that make up your release, as well as the system resources each service has access to. Releases with a single container will have a default `docker-compose.yml` file generated if none is included.
```

I missed this one before - sorry!
